{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Help create a personal static website. I want the webiste to be in style similar to https://brittanychiang.com/ I want you to use html, css and javascript to create the site. Use bootstrap if needed. The contents of website will be mainly my work history and accomplishments. You can refer to the  document  #body-of-work-012826.docx  for my work history. Read the links in the "artifacts" column in attached document to undertand more about the work I did. Don't disclose any internal or sensitive information in the website such as dollars figures, names of other employees, any information that might be deemed as internal to the company. But feel free to include links from "artifacts" that are public in nature like what's new post or blog post. The updates in the website should be written in such a way that a potential recruiter or employer would understand my contributions and be impressed that they would be inclined to reach out to me for an interview. My linkedin (linkedin.com/in/find-george-john)   should be listed out there. I want the website to be deployed to an EKS cluster. THe container image to be stored in ECR. I want to use GitOps practices to deploy the website use the newly released EKS Fature called EKS capabilities to setup managed ArgoCD. I want to use AutoMode for compute of EKS cluster. I own the domain georgejohn.net so want to use that domain for my website. Will use Rout53. Use AWS for deploying the EKS cluster and compute infra. But first I want to see the static website locally and only after I am convinced with the website, we will move to the next stage of create the EKS infra. I want to use Terraform to create EKS cluster but after that I want to use ACK to define other AWS resources. Don't make assumptions. Interupt and ask me when you have questions. Don't hallucinate. }